I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
The father died during childbirth.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
A glittering gem is not enough.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
She cried diamonds.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
She cried diamonds.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
Don't step on the broken glass.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
In that instant, everything changed.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
I am never at home on Sundays.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
I’m a living furnace.
The father died during childbirth.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.

Rock music approaches at high velocity.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
Love is not like pizza.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
Two seats were vacant.


She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
Greetings from the real universe.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
